Jesus said, as recorded at Matthew 11.27,
no one fully knows the Father,
except the Son,
and anyone to whom the Son is willing to reveal Him.
This teaches us two things.
First, that it is possible for us to know the Father fully.
And second, that Jesus is the key to knowing Jehovah.
Jesus clearly identified his role in revealing the Father.
On his last night here on Earth,
he told his apostles as recorded at John 146,
I am the way and the truth and the life.
No one comes to the Father except through me.
Only through Jesus can we truly know the Father
and have an approved relationship with Him.
Earlier at the Transfiguration,
Jehovah confirmed Jesus' pivotal role
when he instructed Peter James and John
to listen to Jesus.
For over a century,
the fateful and discreet slave
has provided a wide range of study aids
to help us learn about the life, ministry,
and teachings of Jesus Christ.
These gifts enrich our study of God's Word.
They shed light on the world he lived in.
The places he walked.
The towns where he preached.
The landscapes he saw.
The foodie ate.
And even the seasons in which various events took place.
These printed publications are more than just words on a page.
They illuminate Jesus' personality
and reveal his qualities,
which mirror those of his Heavenly Father.
We learn about Jesus' compassion,
self-sacrifice, humility, power,
boldness, courage, and love.
More importantly,
focusing on Jesus' teachings and example,
draws closer to the one who sent Him.
Our meetings, assemblies, and conventions
also deepen our love and appreciation for God's Son.
In more recent years,
Jehovah's Organization has used video
to reach the hearts of all those attending our conventions.
But how can we continue to help honest-hearted ones
to understand Jesus' role as King and High Priest
and to help them acquire the mind of Christ?
Well, bringing events of Jesus' ministry to life on screen
or the printed page is not without its challenges.
As you know, the governing body
had those full-costum dramas for years at conventions
that never was Jesus depicted.
And you can understand the challenge
who's gonna play Jesus.
Can you imagine trying to select brothers
in, say, 200, 300, even more different places
to play the role of Jesus Christ?
But then finally, for a certainty,
he made him Lord and Christ, part one, part two.
We went ahead, governing body,
proved it, go ahead, let's have that.
And it worked very well.
When you see Jesus with the woman
that had a flow of blood and the tenderness in our video
of Jesus dealing with that woman and her fear
and yet her confidence that she could be healed by Him
and the way Jesus treated her,
that conveyed something that we would not always bring up
in our imagination.
So once we saw the reaction from the brothers and sisters,
how their hearts were touched by this presentation,
we could see this is a very effective way
to portray Jesus' teachings.
What could boost your spirituality more
than actually seeing the scriptures come alive?
But now, here is a very exciting announcement.
The governing body is pleased to announce
that a very special video series about Jesus
is currently being developed.
Work is underway to develop and produce
a new live action dramatic series on Jesus Christ.
The title of the series is,
the good news according to Jesus.
This series will combine the strengths
of all our preceding research and study tools
with the power of the moving image
and will enable the viewer to gain
an even deeper understanding of Jesus' life and ministry,
which in turn increases our knowledge of Jehovah.
Although other religious and commercial institutions
have produced various films on the life of Jesus,
these have often been tainted
by unscriptural views of Jesus,
or they have placed excessive emphasis on violence
and existing video productions focus on one Bible book
at a time, or only on specific episodes
of Jesus' ministry on earth.
The good news according to Jesus, however,
will show all the events of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John
in the order in which they happened,
and in as much of the rich detail,
as current research and Bible understanding will allow.
Often a presentation like the one
you're about to see is shown after a feature-linked drama
is released.
Such behind-the-scenes videos help us to understand
and appreciate various facets of the video-making process.
Today, however, we are giving you a preview,
a first look at an upcoming convention project
that will take years to complete.
In view of the large scope of this project,
we encourage you to make it a matter of earnest prayer
to Jehovah and please support it
according to your circumstances.
Would you like to see what episode one might look like?
To provide an advanced impression of the look
and feel of an episode,
audio video services prepare storyboards.
We're pleased to share with you now
an excerpt from an animated storyboard.
Assuming that he was in the group traveling together,
they went to Dave's journey
and then began to search for him
among the relatives and acquaintances,
but not finding him.
They returned to Jerusalem and made a diligent search for him.
Well, after three days, they found him in the temple,
sitting in the midst of the teachers and listening to them
and asking them questions.
But all those listening to him were in constant amazement
at his understanding and his answers.
Now when his parents saw him, they were astounded.
Child, why did you treat us this way?
Here, your father and I have been frantically looking for you.
Why were you looking for me?
Did you not know that I must be in the house of my father?
However, they did not understand
what he was saying to them.
Then he went down with them and returned to Nazareth
and he continued subject to them.
Also, his mother carefully kept all these sayings in her heart.
And Jesus went on progressing in wisdom
and in physical growth and in favor
with God and men.
The true light that gives light to every sort of man
was about to come into the world.
Of course, this is not the final video.
Rather, it's an example of how the words on a page
can come to life.
Preparing simple basic drawings to convey the idea
of a video is one of the early visual tools
used during the approval process.
The animatic review is a very early milestone
for the visual storytelling.
But how has the project been developed?
What direction has the governing body given
for bringing events in Jesus' life to the screen?
So first of all, the governing body approved the concept
of producing a production like this.
But there were some questions.
How do you do it?
So three options were given to the governing body.
The first option was for us just to have
a theatrical stage production,
similar to what we'd already done.
The second set of options involved having a narrator speak
and just read the sections of Scripture
and in the background to have acting,
but not actually to have Jesus speaking
or those involved with Jesus speaking.
And then finally, the third option,
which is, of course, the hardest
and involves a lot of work is to do a real life drama.
So we were interested to see how the governing body
would feel about this.
And what a joyous time it was to see the brothers say,
we want the best for the brotherhood.
We want them to be able to see the power and impact
of what Jesus taught.
Yes, we want the third option.
So then we realized there's a lot of work ahead.
It's easy to think the inspired text is there,
what's to write.
But it's not as simple as just taking a little half hour
chunks out of the four gospel accounts
and throwing them on script and filming them.
Which gospel account do you use?
Do you use Matthew's account, Mark's, Luke's?
So very quickly, we saw the need to lay each
of the four gospel accounts side by side
and decide which account in every case, every event
gives us the fullest picture, the most details.
So even if you can't say everything that appears
in all four accounts, you use the one
to carry the bulk of the story.
The others provide the rest of the details
that we'll actually see.
The brothers who help write the dramas,
they have a tremendous amount of work to do.
But then there also are those who do the research
just to make sure little details are correct,
whether it be the shoes a person has on
or whether he even wears shoes.
When you show something on film, you are committing yourself.
You are saying this is the explanation.
Or in some cases, the application,
it goes beyond illustration, it's the explanation,
it's the way to understand what happened.
And that is what sticks with people's memories.
So it's a huge responsibility to get that right.
So our research department already has a lot of information.
But doing something like this is yet another step
down the path of being very, very difficult
because there are a lot more questions come up.
How are we going to depict the devil?
How do you show Jesus walking on water?
What footwear was allowed in the soarig?
And what's a soarig?
Research is pivotal in this.
So you make a decision about what to depict.
But then there are details when it comes to
not just telling it, not just reading what happened,
but now that you have to show what happened,
how do you do that?
If you take something that's static,
like a piece of artwork that's well researched,
solid sources, and now you bring it to life.
In many respects, more research needs to go into this
so that everything is looked at from various angles.
So let me explain the challenge we have with John Chapter 6.
If we look at map 3B in the appendix section,
just imagine we have the sea of Galilee here.
Now, according to what it shows us,
we have magnet in here on this side of the sea of Galilee.
And up here we have Capernaum.
Now, according to what this tells us,
Jesus performed his miracle across on this side
of the sea of Galilee,
and then the apostles traveled by boat
to this general area.
Of course, Jesus joined up with them
when he walked on the water.
So according to John Chapter 6,
Jesus starts to teach the crowd
as he was walking along the sea shore.
But by the end of John Chapter 6,
we see that Jesus is actually speaking of that time
here in Capernaum.
So the question comes up,
what part of the dialogue was actually stated
here in the synagogue in Capernaum,
and what part was stated along the sea shore
as he was walking along?
So we'll have to do some research into John Chapter 6
and see where is a good break for us to realize
what words were actually said there in the synagogue.
That's the challenge.
We need for the friends to be able to watch
this video series and feel they're actually there.
And what they are seeing is as close to the way
it must have been as we can possibly make it.
And the role of research helps us to ensure that.
With scripts being developed and approved,
the production team continues work
with a visual look and feel of the series.
So when we found out that the project involved
the entirety of Jesus' ministry,
it was simply overwhelming.
Once we've read our script,
we go into a phase where we start working with storyboards.
Storyboards are kind of like first pass
at what this story might look like.
That's compiled into what's called an animatic,
which is a type of video.
So you've got an aeration, you've got dialogue,
and you've got music, but it's to these cartoon boards.
It's great because it gets you prepared
so that on set, the challenges don't just pop up,
you can anticipate them.
Concept art is a communication tool
to help us to get all in the same page.
Concept art helps us to get the mood of it, the lighting,
to experience it maybe from a perspective
that we hadn't thought of it before.
The story of Jesus' ministry isn't just dry, cold facts.
It's actually human stories.
When we see how different people respond
and react to Jesus' ministry,
how they're shaped and molded by what the experience,
that's essentially that character's arc.
We go in and say, okay, where does our character start?
How does he grow?
And where is he by the end of this series?
By seeing his struggles, seeing his challenges,
it makes that character more relatable.
As years of development passed,
the immense gop of this project came into clear focus.
A natural question arose, where would we record it?
When we were doing the production of Jonah,
we used parts of Southern California,
and we thought that would be a very good location.
So that was proposed to the governing body,
and they said, thank you very much,
but we would rather that you use existing
Bethel facilities that would be available
and that maybe has not been utilized to its full potential.
So we worked with worldwide design construction,
and they provided a list of some of the branches that had space.
And as we were doing so,
it came to our attention that in Australasia,
the printer was about to be phased out.
At the end of 2015, the printing work was moved to Japan.
The press was in put up for sale.
It sold about three years later.
So now we had this big warehouse space,
just what we needed for a studio.
We just were stunned to think that such a project
could be accomplished here,
but I think we've also seen so many evidences of Jehovah's blessing
on this project that it's very clear
it's something he wants.
The temporary accommodation here at the branch
was due for demolition,
and I mean, like the build-ozes were almost at the gate.
So we were able to stop those build-ozes,
and as a result, we're currently renovating those residents.
Jehovah's hem was definitely in that experience
without the stopping of that demolition.
We wouldn't have had enough accommodation
to look after this project.
It was as if Jehovah was dropping this option in our laps
with all the criteria that we needed to do this project.
With the primary location selected,
production design helps take a concept
and make it a reality.
Our goal as production design
is to immerse the audience in the story.
If they have that sense,
now they're paying attention to what's being set on screen,
what they can learn, what they can benefit from it.
It's one thing to design something,
but then to execute that design is all another thing.
Even like with the throne room,
this actually is too much work.
We have to simplify it.
Do we need to show three walls?
Can we just get away with building two walls
and have the same effect, the same production quality?
Usually we design a set, we build a set, we fill in the set,
and then we turn the set down.
Put this project unique in that we're not doing that.
These buildings, these structures that we're going to be filming
are going to last for years.
And so they have to be built that way.
So how do we combine modern day building standards
to make it last,
but still make it look like an old ancient building
that was built 2,000 years ago?
We were looking for a certain type of finish,
concrete finish.
Through a website, we found there was a company over in Perth
that was able to achieve this.
And after calling them, find out their brothers.
And those brothers have been able to come over
and help us with their expertise
to get the right type of finish.
The support from all those under the Australasia branch
territory has been faith strengthening.
So one of the biggest needs we probably
have at the moment would be auditioning.
We absolutely need more volunteers for acting.
It's a unique and new form of sacred service
is something that probably most never thought they would ever
do or be asked to do, but there is definitely a need.
The more that can make themselves available
through this auditioning process,
allows us to have the right people and the roles.
One fundamental principle that underlies any good acting
is empathy.
It's something that we all learn as Christians.
It's not about showing the behavior in big ways.
It's about understanding who the character is.
And then it kind of exudes naturally.
Jehovah's organization will always train us
and Jehovah's spirit will make us ready for the task
that's ahead of us.
It's simple training,
but it's definitely designed to help somebody
get comfortable in front of a camera,
performing in front of many people,
and being able to relax, being able to be themselves.
To see our brothers and sisters offering themselves,
putting themselves out in this way is wonderful.
When this project was first discussed,
it kind of felt like so far into the future
and almost in a possibility.
It was so big in scope, but now it's actually happening.
And you see Jehovah's blessing on the planning,
on the construction, on the people.
Will there be challenges?
Oh, yeah.
Guaranteed, but if Jehovah wants something done,
that's what happens.
We have things at the right time,
and that's what we've done.
We've advanced now to where we're able to do it
in such a wonderful way for the whole world.
We are working with the best words
that have ever been spoken on this planet.
Words that have power and meaning.
This is such a huge endeavor,
and yet Jehovah has shown us his direction all along.
It needs to be done,
with this project being blessed by Jehovah,
that's what's going to happen.
The genuine good news according to Jesus.
That's what we're going to have.
It's clear that Jehovah is blessing
this tremendous undertaking.
The good news according to Jesus
will help all of us to teach the truth about Jesus,
and it will help us to deepen our own appreciation
for his loving, sacrifice, and behalf of all mankind.
Jesus said, as recorded at John 14, 13, and 14,
whatever you ask in my name, I will do this
so that the Father may be glorified
in connection with the Son.
If you ask anything in my name, I will do it.
Thus, our sincere prayer
is that this multi-year project will be a grand success,
and will result in the salvation
of many more true disciples to the praise
of Jehovah's great name.
Thank you all for your continued prayers and support.
Thank you for encouraging yet others
to support this project with their prayers,
talents, time, and assets.
Thank you to our dear brothers and sisters
in Austral, Asia as well, for your willing spirit.
All of us eagerly await what the future holds
for this good work ahead of us.
The prologue to the book, Come Be My Follower states this.
Jehovah said to his only begotten Son to the earth
to give his life as a ransom.
In addition to dying for us, that Son showed us how to live.
With each step he took, he kept his integrity
and brought joy to his Father's heart.
Jesus also showed us how to be like his Father.
The ways and the will of the Father
found perfect expression in the words and deeds of the Son.
If we want to draw closer to Jehovah and know him fully,
we must continue to learn more about his Son.
May this new video series help us to grow and love
for the Son and our loving Father, Jehovah.